welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Bachelorette episode three Hannah is
ready to find true love but there's
still a bunch of dudes left the first
group date is all about babies the boys
get to experience firsthand what
motherhood feels like because Hannah
wants to have kids one day they do some
nipple clamps for breastfeeding and
electric shocks for labor pains the guy
from American Pie is there and it's a
pretty fun time especially my boy John
Paul Jones whose reactions I can't even
afterwards Jed the singer has a great
connection with Hannah
they throw some chicken nuggets off the
roof while they make a wish they really
love chicken nuggets on the show Mike's
a good guy and he and Hannah connect
about sad stories in their past but who
should interrupt but cam it's like come
on man just wait your turn all the other
guys hate him so during his time they go
in and kick him out the next day it's
Connor s who scores the one-on-one date
but what's this Oh
Hannah's rushed to the hospital don't
worry she's okay it's just the stresses
of being a Bachelorette she passed out
the other day so instead of a fun
adventurous date Connor comes over to
just cuddle he's uh yeah very
uninteresting nothing special about him
but he leaves her a bunch of super cute
notes hidden around the apartment that's
so sweet
Hannah eats this up so she invites him
back for a nighttime date they have a
private dance and make out and he gets a
rose the next group date is a photo
shoot with a bunch of cute animals one
gets a puppy who one gets a little pig
this guy gets a straight-up llama but
it's not all fun and games little do
they know the guys are being watched the
makeup artist is an undercover actress
here to flirt with the guys and see how
they act when they don't think anyone's
watching no drama here though the guys
I'll stay true to Hannah so everyone has
a great time except for Luke P he was
the front-runner in episodes 1 & 2 but
now the other guys are starting to
connect with Hannah
he came on super strong super early and
Hannah's kind of like hey man I like you
but we got a long season ahead of us you
got to bring it down a notch but Luke
doesn't get the message during every
other guy sit down he busts in like hey
can we talk she has to take him aside
again and be like bro
slow your roll Peter the pilot is a nice
funny guy he and Hannah really connect
this night they have a steamy make out
in the courtyard and he gets the
group-date rose the next day Hannah's
had enough of the
ramaa she's ready for some fun so they
have a casual Alabama tailgate but the
drama just don't stop cam the villain of
the first two episodes who kept stealing
time from the other guys he has a group
chat with the other men maybe he's gonna
apologize
no he doubles down on being like yo give
me more time with Ana it's like are you
serious bro maybe sing always me cam I
hate him he grabs Hannah and pulls her
away from the fun tailgate to tell her a
sob story about how he almost lost his
leg and then he's grandma died and his
dog ran away sadness overload she really
appreciates that he's opened up to her
about this but Big Mike's like yo girl
he's playing you
Oh Hannah's pissed she sits cam down and
she's like you're trying to get a pity
rose from me I don't give out pity roses
so that night it's the rose ceremony
most of the guys we know well stick
around
Luke P was in danger but they had a
great connection the first two weeks so
Hannah gives him another chance and as
we get to the final rose cam is still
around will she believe that he's
genuine or does she realize that he's a
sneaky bastard so the rose goes to that
other guy
oh ho cam is out of year all the other
dudes are happy to see him gone to be
honest I'm a little sad because now we
don't have a villain on the other hand I
hate him and I feed on his tears ABC
always be crying so there's the recap of
the Bachelorette week three I'm hooked
now I gotta see how this plays out so
hit that subscribe button and join me
for the best recaps every week